Oh let the sun beat down upon my face, stars to fill my dream I am a traveler of both time and space, to be where I have been To sit with elders of the gentle race, this world has seldom seen They talk of days for which they sit and wait and all will be revealed
Talk and song from tongues of lilting grace, whose sounds caress my ear But not a word I heard could I relate, the story was quite clear Oh, oh.
Oh, I been flying... mama, there ain't no denyin' I've been flying, ain't no denyin', no denyin'
All I see turns to brown, as the sun burns the ground And my eyes fill with sand, as I scan this wasted land Trying to find, trying to find where I've been.
Oh, pilot of the storm who leaves no trace, like thoughts inside a dream Heed the path that led me to that place, yellow desert stream My Shangri-La beneath the summer moon, I will return again Sure as the dust that floats high and true, when movin' through Kashmir.
Oh, father of the four winds, fill my sails, across the sea of years With no provision but an open face, along the straits of fear Ohh.
When I'm on, when I'm on my way, yeah When I see, when I see the way, you stay-yeah
Ooh, yeah-yeah, ooh, yeah-yeah, when I'm down... Ooh, yeah-yeah, ooh, yeah-yeah, well I'm down, so down Ooh, my baby, oooh, my baby, let me take you there
Let me take you there. Let me take you there
It was an April morning when they told us we should go As I turn to you, you smiled at me How could we say no?
With all the fun to have, to live the dreams we always had Oh, the songs to sing, when we at last return again
Sending off a glancing kiss, to those who claim they know Below the streets that steam and hiss, The devil's in his hole
Oh to sail away, To sandy lands and other days Oh to touch the dream, Hides inside and never seen.
Into the sun the south the north, at last the birds have flown The shackles of commitment fell, In pieces on the ground
Oh to ride the wind, To tread the air above the din Oh to laugh aloud, Dancing as we fought the crowd
To seek the man whose pointing hand, The giant step unfolds With guidance from the curving path, That churns up into stone
If one bell should ring, in celebration for a king So fast the heart should beat, As proud the head with heavy feet.
Days went by when you and I, bathed in eternal summers glow As far away and distant, Our mutual child did grow
Oh the sweet refrain, Soothes the soul and calms the pain Oh Albion remains, sleeping now to rise again
Wandering wandering, What place to rest the search The mighty arms of Atlas, Hold the heavens from the earth
The mighty arms of Atlas, Hold the heavens from the earth From the earth...
I know the way, know the way, know the way, know the way (X2)
Oh the mighty arms of Atlas, Hold the heavens from the earth.
Should I fall out of love, my fire in the light To chase a feather in the wind Within the glow that weaves a cloak of delight There moves a thread that has no end.
For many hours and days that pass ever soon the tides have caused the flame to dim At last the arm is straight, the hand to the loom Is this to end or just begin?
[Chorus:] All of my love, all of my love, All of my love to you. [repeat]
The cup is raised, the toast is made yet again One voice is clear above the din Proud Arianne one word, my will to sustain For me, the cloth once more to spin
[Chorus]
Yours is the cloth, mine is the hand that sews time his is the force that lies within Ours is the fire, all the warmth we can find He is a feather in the wind
[Chorus]
Babe, baby, baby, I'm gonna leave you. I said baby, you know I'm gonna leave you. I'll leave you when the summertime, Leave you when the summer comes a-rollin', Leave you when the summer comes along.
Babe, babe, babe, babe, babe, babe, baby, hmm baby I don't wanna leave you, I ain't jokin' woman, I've got to ramble. Oh, yeah, baby, baby, I'll be leavin', Really got to ramble. I can hear it callin' me the way it used to do, I can hear it callin' me back ho--oo-ome!
Babe...I'm gonna leave you Oh, baby, you know, I've really got to leave you Oh, I can hear it callin' me I said, don't you hear it callin' me the way it used to do? Oh!
I know, I know, I'll never, never, never, never, never, never, never, Gonna leave you babe But, I got to go away from this place, I've got to quit you, yeah Oh!! Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, Oh, don't you hear it callin' me? Oh, woman, woman, I know, I know It feels good to have you back again And I know that one day baby, it's gonna really grow, yes it is. We gonna go walkin' through the park every day. Come what may, every day, oh My, my - my - my, my babe I'm gonna leave you woman... I'm gonna quit you baby It was really, really good. You made me happy every single day. But now... I've got to go away! Oh, oh
Baby, baby, baby, That's when it's callin' me I said that's when it's callin' me back home...
There was a time, I used to call you on my very own We were so happy woman, Talkin' for hours and hours on the telephone Then one day, I set you up to walk right outta my life Leavin' me all by myself, All alone, to cry every night
(Babe...) oooh, I want you to come back home yeah (come on home) (oooh yeah) Sweet little girl (ooh yeah, been gone so long) been away so long
Now listen to me: I said I made up my mind Woman when you left me there, oh I was gonna find another sweet lover Who's gonna feel all of my... cares
So I met a sweet little girl, Just about as nice as she could be, oh I fell in love with that woman, But she turned around, and did the same thing again to me...
(Babe...) Baby, please come home (come on home) hoome yeah... I know, (ya been gone too long) been away so long (Babe...) I want you to please come home, oh (come on hooome...)
So I made up my mind, I gonna crawl right back to you woman I'm gonna plead and plead and plead, yeah, 'Till you're here by my side I can't even walk down the same old streets we used to walk down 'Cause I keep thinkin about all the good times Keep thinkin' about it, I wanna make you mine
Babe, babe, babe, please (come on home, yeah) (come on home) (You've been gone too long)
(Page/Plant)
(Studio Chatter: Shall we roll it, Jimmy? ( We're rolling on, what, one? ) ( No, one again? ) (- Airplane heard flying overhead - Got to get this airplane off. ) ( Naw, leave it, yeah. )
Hey, hey, mama, what's the matter here (X2) You didn't have to tell me that you love me so You didn't have to love me, mama, let me go Hey, hey, mama, what's the matter here You didn't have to make me a total disgrace You didn't have to leave me with that beer in my face Hey, hey, mama, what's the matter here That's alright, it's awful dog-gone clear.
Hey, hey, baby, why you treat me mean (X2) You didn't have to crucify me like you did You didn't have to tell me I was just your kid Hey, hey, mama, why'd you treat me mean You didn't have say you'd always be by my side Y' didn't have to tell me you'd be my blushin' bride Hey, hey, mama, why you treat me mean But that's alright, I know your sisters, too
You didn't have to tell me that you love me so You didn't have to leave me, mama, let me go Hey, hey, mama, what is wrong with you You didn't have to leave me like a total disgrace You didn't have to leave me with that beer on my face Hey, hey, mama, what is wrong with you But that's alright, I'd be the same way, too
You didn't have to crucify me like you did You didn't have to tell me I was just your kid Hey, hey, mama, what's the matter here You didn't have to tell me you would be my own You didn't have to tell me, baby, let me go Hey, hey, mama, what is wrong with you That's alright, I know your sister, too. What's the matter with you, mama
Hey, hey, mama, said the way you move, gonna make you sweat, gonna make you groove. Oh, oh, child, way you shake that thing, gonna make you burn, gonna make you sting. Hey, hey, baby, when you walk that way, watch your honey drip, can't keep away.
[Chorus] Ah yeah, ah yeah, ah, ah, ah. Ah yeah, ah yeah, ah, ah, ah.
I gotta roll, can't stand still, got a flame in my heart, can't get my fill. Eyes that shine burning red, dreams of you all through my head.
Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah.
Hey, baby, oh, baby, pretty baby, Tell me won't you do me now.
Didn't take too long 'fore I found out, what people mean by down and out. Spent my money, took my car, started telling her friends she wants to be a star. I don't know but I been told, a big-legged woman ain't got no soul.
[Chorus]
All I ask for when I pray, steady lovin' woman gonna come my way. Need a woman gonna hold my hand, won't tell me no lies, make me a happy man.
Hey hey mama said the way you move, Gonna make you sweat gonna make you groove. Oh oh child way you shake that thing, Gonna make you burn gonna make you sting. Hey hey baby when you walk that way Watch your honey drip can't keep away.
I gotta roll can't stand still, Got a flaming heart can't get my fill. Eyes that shine burning red, Dreams of you all through my head.
Hey baby, Oh baby, Pretty baby.
Hey baby, Oh baby, Pretty baby.
Didn't take too long before I found out, What people mean by down and out. Spent my money took my car, Started tellin' her friends she gonna be a star. I don't know but I been told, A big legged woman ain't got no soul.
All I ask for when I pray, Steady rollin' woman gonna come my way. Need a woman gonna hold my hand, And tell me no lies make me a happy man.
Baby, baby... I'm gonna bring it on home to you. I've got my ticket, I've got that load. Got up, gone higher, all aboard. Take my seat, right way back. ooh yeah. Watch this train roll down the track. I'm gonna bring it on home, Bring it on home to you. Watch out, watch out...
Try to tell you baby, what you tryin' to do? Tryin' to love me baby, love some other man too. Bring it on home...
Went a little walk downtown, messed and got back late. Found a note there waiting, it said, Daddy, I just can't wait. Bring it on home... Bring it back home to me baby...
Tell you, pretty baby, you love to mess me `round. I'm gonna give you lovin', baby, gonna move you out o' town. Bring it on home...
Sweetest little baby, daddy ever saw. I'm gonna give you lovin' baby, I'm gonna give you more. Bring it on home...
Bring it on home, Bring it on home to you...
Ah caught you smiling at me, That's the way it should be, Like a leaf is to a tree, so fine. Ah all the good times we had, I sang love songs so glad Always smiling, never sad, so fine.
*As we walk down the country lanes, I'll be singing a song, Hear me calling your name. Hear the wind within the trees, Telling Mother Nature 'bout you and me.
Well if the sunshines so bright, Or on our way it's darkest night The road we choose is always right, so fine. Ah can your love be so strong When so many loves go wrong Will our love go on and on and on and on and on and on?
* Chorus
My, my la de la come on now it ain't too far, Tell your friends all around the world, Ain't no companion like a blue eyed merle. Come on now well let me tell you, What you're missing, missing, 'round them brick walls. So of one thing I am sure, It's a friendship so pure, Angels singing all around My dog is so fine. Yeah, ain't but one thing to do Spend my nat'ral life with you, You're the finest dog I knew, so fine. When you're old and your eyes are dim, There ain't no old Shep gonna happen again, We'll still go walking down country lanes, I'll sing the same old songs, Hear me call your name.
I caught you smiling at me, That's the way it should be, Like a leaf is to a tree so fine.
Ah all the good times we had, I sang love songs so glad, Always smiling never sad so fine.
As we walk down a country lane, I'll be singing a song, Hear me calling your name. Hear the whisper in the trees, Telling mother nature bout you and me.
Well, if the sunshines so bright, Or on our way it's darkest night, The road we choose is always right so fine. Ah can your love be so strong, When so many loves go wrong, Will our love go on and on and on and on and on and on.
As we walk down a country lane, I'll be singing a song, Hear me calling your name. Hear the whisper in the trees, Telling mother nature bout you and me.
My my, la de la, come on now it ain't too far, Tell your friends all around the world, Ain't no companion like a blue eyed merle. Come on now well let me tell you, What you're missing missing round them brick walls.
So, of one thing I am sure, It's a friendship so pure, Angels singing all around my door so fine. Yeah, ain't but one thing to do Spend my natural life with you, You're the finest dog I knew so fine.
When you're old and your eyes are dim, There ain't no old Shep gonna happen again. We'll still go walking down country lanes, I'll sing the same old songs, Hear me call your name.
(Jones/Page/Plant)
Sisters of the way-side bide their time in quiet peace, Await their place within the ring of calm; Still stand to turn in seconds of release, Await the call they know may never come. In times of lightness, no intruder dared upon To jeopardize the course, upset the run; And all was joy and hands were raised toward the sun As love in the halls of plenty overrun.
Still in their bliss unchallenged mighty feast, Unending dances shadowed on the day. Within their walls, their daunting formless keep, Preserved their joy and kept their doubts at bay. Faceless legions stood in readiness to weep, Just turn a coin, bring order to the fray; And everything is soon no sooner thought than deed, But no one seemed to question in anyway.
How keen the storied hunter's eye prevails upon the land To seek the unsuspecting and the weak; And powerless the fabled sat, too smug to lift a hand Toward the foe that threatened from the deep. Who cares to dry the cheeks of those who saddened stand Adrift upon a sea of futile speech? And to fall to fate and make the 'status plan' Where was your word, where did you go? Where was your helping, where was your bow? Bow. Dull is the armour, cold is the day. Hard was the journey, dark was the way. Way. I heard the word; I couldn't stay. Oh. I couldn't stand it another day, another day, Another day, another day.
Touched by the timely coming, Roused from the keeper's sleep, Release the grip, throw down the key.
Held now within the knowing, Rest now within the peace. Take of the fruit, but guard the seed.
They had to stay!
Held now within the knowing, Rest now within the beat. Take of the fruit, but guard the seed...
Hey, girl, stop what you're doin'! Hey, girl, you'll drive me to ruin. I don't know what it is that I like about you, but I like it a lot. Won't let me hold you, Let me feel your lovin' charms. 
[Chorus] Communication Breakdown, It's always the same, I'm having a nervous breakdown, Drive me insane! 
Hey, girl, I got something I think you ought to know. Hey, babe, I wanna tell you that I love you so. I wanna hold you in my arms, yeah! I'm never gonna let you go,'Cause I like your charms. 
[Chorus] [Chorus]
Drop down, baby, let your daddy see. Drop down, my lady, just dream of me Well, my mama allow me to fool around all night long Well, I may look like I'm crazy, I should know right from wrong
See me comin', throw your man outdoor Ain't no stranger, done been this way before See me comin', mama, I throw your man outdoor I ain't no stranger, I been this way before.
Put on your night shirt and your morning gown You know by night I'm gonna shake 'em on down Put on your night shirt, mama, and your morning gown Well, you know by night I'm sure gonna shake 'em on down Shake it, shake it
Ooh, your custard pie, yeah, sweet and nice When you cut it, mama, save me a slice Your custard pie, yeah, I declare you're sweet and nice like your custard pie When you cut it, mama... mama, please save me a slice.
Oh I chew on a piece of your custard pie. [4x]
Drop down [6x]
Chew on a piece of your custard pie.
Oh oh oh oh oh oh You don't have to go oh oh oh oh oh You don't have to go oh oh oh oh oh You don't Have to go.
Ay ay ay ay ay ay All those tears I cry ay ay ay ay ay All those tears I cry ay ay ay ay ay Baby please don't go.
[CHORUS:] When I read the letter you wrote, it made me mad mad mad When I read the words that it told me, it made me sad sad sad. But I still love you so, I can't let you go I love you- ooh baby I love you.
Oh oh oh oh oh oh Every breath I take oh oh oh oh oh Every move I make oh oh oh oh oh Baby please don't go.
Ay ay ay ay ay ay You hurt me to my soul ay ay ay ay ay You hurt me to my soul ay ay ay ay ay Darling please don't go.
[CHORUS 2:] When I read the letter you sent me, it made me mad mad mad When I read the news that it broke, it made me sad sad sad. But I still love you so, and I can't let you go I love you- ooh baby I love ya. Oh oh oh oh oh oh You don't have to go oh oh oh oh You don't have to go oh oh oh oh Aw Baby, babe Please Please Please Please Ah uh ah uh ah ah baby Ah Uh I still love you baby Ooh Ooh, ooh ohh, ooh ooh Darling Oh Oh-wo Aw baby I still love you so Aw baby I still love you so oh-wo ooh
Oh oh oh oh oh oh yeah (fire) Ah ah ah ah ah ah oh (fire) Ah ah ah ah ah Ooooh (fire) yeah Oh Baby, Baby
(Berns/Page/Plant)
There was a time, I used to call you on my very own We were so happy woman, Talkin' for hours and hours on the telephone
Then one day, I set you up to walk right outta my life Leavin' me all by myself, All alone, to cry every night
(Babe...) oooh, I want you to come back home yeah (come on home) (oooh yeah) Sweet little girl (ooh yeah, been gone so long) been away so long
Now listen to me: I said I made up my mind Woman when you left me there, oh I was gonna find another sweet lover Who's gonna feel all of my... cares
So I met a sweet little girl, Just about as nice as she could be, oh I fell in love with that woman, But she turned around, and did the same thing again to me...
(Babe...) Baby, please come home (come on home) hoome yeah... I know, (ya been gone too long) been away so long (Babe...) I want you to please come home, oh (come on hooome...)
So I made up my mind, I gonna crawl right back to you woman I'm gonna plead and plead and plead, yeah, 'Till you're here by my side I can't even walk down the same old streets we used to walk down 'Cause I keep thinkin about all the good times Keep thinkin' about it, I wanna make you mine
Babe, babe, babe, please (come on home, yeah) (come on home) (You've been gone too long)
Been Dazed and Confused for so long it's not true. Wanted a woman, never bargained for you. Lots of people talk and few of them know, soul of a woman was created below.
You hurt and abuse tellin' all of your lies. Run around sweet baby, Lord how they hypnotize. Sweet little baby, I don't know where you've been. Gonna love you baby, here I come again.
Every day I work so hard, bringin' home my hard earned pay Try to love you baby, but you push me away. Don't know where you're goin', only know just where you've been, Sweet little baby, I want you again.
Been dazed and confused for so long, it's not true. Wanted a woman, never bargained for you. Take it easy baby, let them say what they will. Will your tongue wag so much when I send you the bill?
(Page/Plant)
Down by the seaside. See the boats go sailin' Can the people hear, What the little fish are sayin'
Oh, oh, the people turned away. Oh, the people turned away
Down in the city streets, see all the folk go racin', racin' No time left, to pass the time of day
The people turned away. The people turned away So far away, so far away
See how they run, see how they run, see how they run, see how they run.
Do you still do the twist Do you find you remember things that well I wanna tell you... Some go twistin' every day though sometimes it's awful hard to tell
Out in the country, hear the people singin' Singin' 'bout their progress, knowin' where they're goin'
Oh, oh, oh, oh, the people turned away Yes, the people turned away
Sing loud for the sunshine, pray hard for the rain And show your love for Lady Nature. And she will come back again The people turned away The people turned away
(Jones/Page/Plant)
Oh, baby
Well there's a light in your eye that keeps shining Like a star that can't wait for a night I hate to think I've been blinded baby Why can't I see you tonight And the warmth of your smile starts a-burnin' And the thrill of your touch gives me fright And I'm shaking so much, really yearning Why don't you show up, make it all right, yeah, it's all right, all right
And if you promised you'd love so completely And you said you would always be true You swore that you would never leave me, baby What ever happened to you And you thought it was only in movies As you wish all your dreams would come true, hey It ain't the first time believe me, baby I'm standin' here feeling blue, blue Ha, yeah, I'm blue, hoh, baby
Now I will stand in the rain on the corner I'll watch the people go shuffling downtown Another ten minutes no longer And then I'm turning around, 'round The clock on the wall's moving slower Oh, my heart it sinks to the ground And the storm that I thought would blow over Clouds the light of the love that I found, found Light of the love that I found Light of the love that I found Ohhhh, that I found
Hey babe
Oooh, hand that ticks on the clock Just don't seem to stop When I'm thinking it over
Oooh, tired of the light I just don't seem to find Have you wait, get away
Whoa oooh, I see it in my dreams But I just don't seem to be with you You I gotta get it all Gotta get it all, gotta get it all I've got to get all
(Guitar Solo)
Ooh, now my body is starting to quiver And the palms of my hands getting wet, ohh I've got no reason to doubt you baby It's all a terrible mess An' I'll run in the rain till I'm breathless When I'm breathless I'll run till I drop, hey The thoughts of a fool's kind of careless I'm just a fool waiting on the wrong block, ohhhhhh yeah Hey now, ohhhhhh-hoh
Light of the love that I found Light of the love that I found Light of the love that I Light of the love that I found Light of the love, hey now Light of the love, hey now Light of the love that I found Light of the love that I found
(Page/Plant)
You said I was the only, With my lemon in your hand Exhibition is your habit, Emotion second hand. Had to pull away to save me, Maybe next time around And she said, 'don't you wanna'? Don't you wanna cook it, cook it, cook it? Hadn't planned to, could not stand to try it, fry it, na na na yeah.
Heard a cry for mercy, In the city of the damned Oh oh babe, damned. Down in the pits you go no lower The next stop's underground. Oh, hello underground. Wine and roses ain't quite over, fate deals a losing hand And I said: didn't mean to... did not mean to fail You didn't plan it, you over-ran it
You wanna do it, you wanna You wanna do it when you wanna You wanna do it, do it when you wanna
When you blow it, babe, You got to blow it right Oh baby, if you fake it, mama, Baby, fake with all your might When you fake it, mama, Please fake it right (for yourself babe)
When you fake it baby, You're fakin' it for your life, for your life, for your life, for your life Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, Do it when you wanna Do it, do it, do it, Do it when you wanna
Oh, I can have you, baby, But I don't know what to do, yeah Sometime, baby, nothin' I could do On the balance of a crystal, Payin' through the nose And when they couldn't resist you, I thought you'd go with the flow.
And now your stage is empty, bring down the curtain, baby please. Fold up your show Hadn't planned to, Could not stand to fry in it Hadn't planned it, I over-ran it, (fryin) For your life, For your life.
Oh, Baby, it's cryin' time, Oh, Baby, I got to fly. Got to try to find a way, Got to try to get away, 'Cause you know I gotta get away from you, Babe.
Oh, Baby, the river's red, Oh, Baby, in my head. There's a funny feelin' goin' on, I don't think I can hold out long.
[Chorus] And when the owls cry in the night, Oh, Baby, Baby, when the pines begin to cry, Baby, Baby, Baby, how do you feel? If the river runs dry, Baby, How do you feel?
Craze, Baby, the rainbow's end, Baby, it's just a den For those who hide, Who hide their love to depths of life And ruin dreams that we all knew so, Babe.
[Chorus]
Bright light almost blinding, black night still there shining, I can't stop, keep on climbing, looking for what I knew.
Had a friend, she once told me, You got love, you ain't lonely, Now she's gone and left me only looking for what I knew.
Mmm, I'm telling you now, The greatest thing you ever can do now, Is trade a smile with someone who's blue now, It's very easy just...
Met a man on the roadside crying, without a friend, there's no denying, You're incomplete, they'll be no finding looking for what you knew.
So anytime somebody needs you, don't let them down, although it grieves you, Some day you'll need someone like they do, looking for what you knew.
Mmm, I'm telling you now, The greatest thing you ever can do now, Is trade a smile with someone who's blue now, It's very easy just...
Hangman, hangman, hold it a little while, Think I see my friends coming, Riding a many mile. Friends, did you get some silver? Did you get a little gold? What did you bring me, my dear friends, To keep me from the Gallows Pole? What did you bring me to keep me from the Gallows Pole?
I couldn't get no silver, I couldn't get no gold, You know that we're too damn poor to keep you from the Gallows Pole. Hangman, hangman, hold it a little while, I think I see my brother coming, riding a many mile. Brother, did you get me some silver? Did you get a little gold? What did you bring me, my brother, to keep me from the Gallows Pole?
Brother, I brought you some silver, I brought a little gold, I brought a little of everything To keep you from the Gallows Pole. Yes, I brought you to keep you from the Gallows Pole.
Hangman, hangman, turn your head awhile, I think I see my sister coming, riding a many mile, mile, mile. Sister, I implore you, take him by the hand, Take him to some shady bower, save me from the wrath of this man, Please take him, save me from the wrath of this man, man.
Hangman, hangman, upon your face a smile, Pray tell me that I'm free to ride, Ride for many mile, mile, mile.
Oh, yes, you got a fine sister, She warmed my blood from cold, Brought my blood to boiling hot To keep you from the Gallows Pole, Your brother brought me silver, Your sister warmed my soul, But now I laugh and pull so hard And see you swinging on the Gallows Pole
Swingin' on the gallows pole!
Spent my days with a woman unkind, Smoked my stuff and drank all my wine. Made up my mind to make a new start, Going To California with an aching in my heart. Someone told me there's a girl out there with love in her eyes and flowers in her hair. Took my chances on a big jet plane, never let them tell you that they're all the same. The sea was red and the sky was grey, wondered how tomorrow could ever follow today. The mountains and the canyons started to tremble and shake as the children of the sun began to awake.
Seems that the wrath of the Gods Got a punch on the nose and it started to flow; I think I might be sinking. Throw me a line if I reach it in time I'll meet you up there where the path Runs straight and high.
To find a queen without a king, They say she plays guitar and cries and sings... la la la Ride a white mare in the footsteps of dawn Tryin' to find a woman who's never, never, never been born. Standing on a hill in my mountain of dreams, Telling myself it's not as hard, hard, hard as it seems.
When I done quit hollerin' baby, I believe I'll shake 'em on down Get my babe, won't be late, You know by that I mean seconds late Ah, must I holler, Must I shake 'em on down, Well I've been mistreated, babe, I believe I'll shake 'em on down. Well I ain't no monkey. I can't climb no tree, No brown skin woman gonna make no monkey out of me, I ain't no monkey, Sure can't climb no tree, I been mistreated babe I believe I'll shake 'em on down, Well I've been mistreated babe I believe I'll shake 'em on down.
Listen mama, Put on your mornin' gown' Put in your nightshirt Mama we gonna shake 'em down Must I holler? Must I shake 'em on down?
Gave my baby a twenty dollar bill, If that don't get her, Sure my shot, shot, shot-gun will, Yeah, I gave my baby a twenty dollar bill, If that don't get that woman, I'm sure my shot-gun will.
Hey fellas, have you heard the news? You know that Annie's back in town? It won't take long just watch and see how the fellas lay their money down. Her style is new but the face is the same as it was so long ago, But from her eyes, a different smile like that of one who knows.
Well, it's been ten years and maybe more since I first set eyes on you. The best years of my life gone by, here I am alone and blue. Some people cry and some people die by the wicked ways of love; But I'll just keep on rollin' along with the grace of the Lord above.
People talkin' all around 'bout the way you left me flat, I don't care what the people say, I know where their jive is at. One thing I do have on my mind, if you can clarify please do, It's the way you call me by another guy's name when I try to make love to you. I try to make love but it ain't no use.
Work so hard I couldn't unwind, get some money saved; Abuse my love a thousand times, however hard I tried. Heartbreaker, your time has come, can't take your evil way; Go away, Heartbreaker.
(Bonham/Jones/Page/Plant)
Wanna tell you about the girl I love My she looks so fine She's the only one that I been dreamin' of Maybe someday she will be all mine I wanna tell her that I love her so I thrill with her every touch I need to tell her she's the only one I really love
I got a woman, wanna ball all day I got a woman, she won't be true, no I got a woman, stay drunk all the time I said I got a little woman and she won't be true
Sunday morning when we go down to church See the menfolk standin' in line I said they come to pray to the Lord With my little girl, looks so fine In the evening when the sun is sinkin' low Everybody's with the one they love I walk the town, Keep a-searchin' all around Lookin' for my street corner girl
I got a woman, wanna ball all day I got a woman, she won't be true, no no I got a woman, stay drunk all the time I said I got a little woman and she won't be true
In the bars, with the men who play guitars Singin', drinkin' and rememberin' the times My little lover does a midnight shift She balled around all the time I guess there's just one thing a-left for me to do Gonna pack my bags and move on my way Cause I got a worried mind Sharin' what I thought was mine Gonna leave her where the guitars play
I got a woman, she won't be true, no no I got a woman, wanna ball all day I got a woman, stay drunk all the time I got a little woman and she won't be true
(Hey hey what can I do)
I said she won't be true
(Hey Hey, What can I say?)
Hey hey, what can I do I got a woman, she won't be true Lord, hear what I say I got a woman, wanna ball all day
(Page/Plant)
Well I just got into town today To find my girl who's gone away She took the Greyhound at the General Store I searched myself I searched the town When I finally did sit down I find myself no wiser than before
She said we couldn't do no wrong No other love could be so strong She locked up my heart in her bottom drawer Now she took my heart she took my keys From in my old blue dungarees And I'll never go to Texas anymore
* Chorus: Now my baby's gone I don't know what to do She took my love and walked right out the door And if I ever find that girl I know one thing for sure I'm gonna give her something like she never had before
I took her love at seventeen A little late these days it seems But they said heaven is well worth waiting for I took her word I took it all Beneath the sign that said U-haul She left angels hangin round for more
Chorus
I thought I had it all sewn up Our love, a plot, a pick-up truck But folks said she was after something more I never did quite understand All that talk about rockin' bands But they just rolled my doll right out the door Oh yeah, they just rolled my doll right out the door!
(Page/Plant)
I was burned in the heat of the moment, Though it couldn't have been the heat of the day When I learned how my time had been wasted, (And a) tear fell as I turned away
Now I've got friends who will give me their shoulder, Event I should happen to fall Time and his bride growing older I've got friends who will give me fuck all
(On the) corner of Bleeker and nowhere In the land of not quite day A shiver runs down my backbone Face in the mirror turns grey
So (I) looked round to hitch up the reindeer Searching hard trying to brighten the day I turned around to look for the snowman To my surprise he'd melted away.
As the moon and the stars call the order Inside my tides dance the ebb and sway The sun in my soul's sinking lower While the hope in my hands turns to clay I don't ask that my field's full of clover I don't moan at opportunity's door And if you ask my advice, take it slower Then your story'd be your finest reward.
Lost on the path to attainment Search in the eyes of the wise When I bled from the heart of the matter I started bleeding without a disguise
Now everything's fine under heaven Now and then you've got to take time to pause When you're down on the ground, don't be messin' around Or you'll land in a boat without oars Hey babe, Hey babe, Hey babe, I lost my way.
Hey babe, Hey babe, I don't know where I'm gonna find it.
Hey babe, Hey babe, Do you wanna know, Do you really, really, wanna help me, yeah?
Let me tell you now, babe Let me tell you That it feels so good that it must be right
Now my babe, Let me tell you That it feels so good that it must be right...
How Many More Times, treat me the way you wanna do? [X2] When I give you all my love, please, please be true.
I'll give you all I've got to give, rings, pearls, and all. [X2] I've got to get you together baby, I'm sure, sure you're gonna crawl.
[spoken] I was a young man, I couldn't resist Started thinkin' it all over, just what I had missed. Got me a girl and I kissed her and then and then... Whoops, oh Lordy, well I did it again. Now I got ten children of my own I got another child on the way that makes eleven. But I'm in constant heaven. I know it's all right in my mind 'Cause I got a little schoolgirl and she's all mine I can't get through to her 'cause it doesn't permit But I'm gonna give her everything I've got to give.
Oh, Rosie, oh, girl. [X2] Steal away now, steal away [X2] Little Robert Anthony wants to come and play.
Well they call me the hunter, that's my name. They call me the hunter, that's how I got my fame. Ain't no need to hide, Ain't no need to run. 'Cause I've got you in the sights of my..........gun!
How Many More Times, barrelhouse all night long. [X2] I've got to get to you, baby, baby, please come home.
Hush little baby Don't you cry Papa's gonna sing you a lullaby
Hush little baby Don't say a word Papa's gonna bring you baby a mocking bird
And if that mocking bird won't sing well Papa's gonna buy you a diamond ring
If that ring don't shine It would break this heart of mine
I can't quit you babe Woman I think I'm gonna put you down for a little while I can't quit you babe I... think I'm gonna put you down for a while I said you messed up my happy home Made me mistreat my only child
You built my hopes so high Baby then you let me down so low You built my hopes so high then ya let me down... so low Don'tcha realize sweet baby? Woman I don't know... which way to go
Woman I can't quit you babe I think I'm gonna put you down for a while
(Dixon)
I can't quit you babe Woman I think I'm gonna put you down for a little while I can't quit you babe I... think I'm gonna put you down for a while I said you messed up my happy home Made me mistreat my only child
You built my hopes so high Baby then you let me down so low You built my hopes so high then ya let me down... so low Don'tcha realize sweet baby? Woman I don't know... which way to go
Woman I can't quit you babe I think I'm gonna put you down for a while
Long, long and lonely nights I cry my eyes out over you Wond'ring if I did right And why you left me with a broken heart
Oh, long, long and lonely nights Oh, how I miss you, my dear Please, please, come back to me How I wish you were here
(Jones/Page/Plant)
Oh she's my baby, Let me tell you why Hey, she drives me crazy, She's the apple of my eye 'Cause she is my girl, And she can never do wrong If I dream too much at night, Somebody please bring me down
Hey, I love that little lady, I got to be her fool Ain't no other like my baby, I can break the golden rule 'Cause I get down on my knees, Oh, I pray that love won't die And if I always try to please, I don't know the reason why, yeah
If she would come back, Only stay with me
Every little bit of my love, etc., I give to you girl
I don't have to go by plane I ain't gotta go by car I don't care just where my darling is People I just don't care how far I'm gonna crawl I don't care if I got to go back home I don't care what I got to stand to her back I'm gonna crawl I'm gonna move the car, baby She give me good lovin Yes I love her, I guess I love her I'm gonna crawl.
A-ah-ahh-ah, ah-ah-ahh-ah We come from the land of the ice and snow from the midnight sun where the hot springs flow
The hammer of the gods will drive our ships to new land To fight the horde and sing and cry, Valhalla, I am coming
On we sweep with, with threshing oar Our only goal will be the western shore
Ah-ah-ahh-ah, ah-ah-ahh-ah We come from the land of the ice and snow from the midnight sun where the hot springs blow
How soft your fields, so green can whisper tales of gore, of how we calmed the tides of war We are your overlords
On we sweep with, with threshing oar Our only goal will be the western shore
S-so now you better stop and rebuild all your ruins for peace and trust can win the day in spite of all you're losin' Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh Ahh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh
(Bonham/Jones/Page/Plant)
In my time of dying, want nobody to mourn All I want for you to do is take my body home
Well, well, well, so I can die easy (X2)
Jesus, gonna make up my dyin' bed. Meet me, Jesus, meet me. Meet me in the middle of the air If my wings should fail me, Lord. Please meet me with another pair
Well, well, well, so I can die easy (X2)
Jesus, gonna make up.. somebody, somebody... Jesus gonna make up... Jesus gonna make you my dyin' bed
Oh, Saint Peter, at the gates of heaven... Won't you let me in I never did no harm. I never did no wrong
Oh, Gabriel, let me blow your horn. Let me blow your horn Oh, I never did, did no harm.
I've only been this young once. I never thought I'd do anybody no wrong No, not once.
Oh, I did somebody some good. Somebody some good... Oh, did somebody some good. I must have did somebody some good...
And I see them in the streets And I see them in the field And I hear them shouting under my feet And I know it's got to be real Oh, Lord, deliver me All the wrong I've done You can deliver me, Lord I only wanted to have some fun.
Hear the angels marchin', hear the' marchin', hear them marchin', hear them marchin', the' marchin'
Oh my Jesus... (repeat)
Oh, don't you make it my dyin', dyin', dyin'...
(Studio Chatter: That's gonna be the one, isn't it? Come have a listen, then. Oh yes, thank you. )
And if you feel that you can't go on. And your will's sinkin' low Just believe and you can't go wrong. In the light you will find the road. You will find the road
Oh, did you ever believe that I could leave you, standing out in the cold I know how it feels 'cause I have slipped through to the very depths of my soul. I just wanna show what I'd give you it is from every bend in the road Now listen to me Oh, whoa-whoa, as I was and really would be for you, too, honey As you would for me, oh, I would share your load. Let me share your load. Ooh, let me share, share your load
And if you feel that you can't go on In the light you will find the road
Though the winds of change may blow around you, but that will always be so When love is pain it can devour you, if you are never alone I would share your load. I would share your load Baby, let me, oh, let me
In the light Everybody needs the light. In the light, in the light, in the light
Light, light, light, in the light Light, light, light, in the light, ooh, yeah Light, light, light, in the light
With a purple umbrella and a fifty-cent hat Livin', lovin', she's just a woman Mrs. Cool rides out in her aged Cadillac Livin', lovin', she's just a woman
Come on, babe, on the roundabout, ride on the merry-go-'round We all know what your name is, so you better lay your money down
Alimony, alimony, payin' your bills Livin', lovin', she's just a woman When your conscience hits, ya knock it back with pills Livin', lovin', she's just a woman
Come on, baby, on the roundabout, ride on the merry-go-'round We all know what your name is, so you better lay your money down
Tellin' tall tales of how it used to be Livin', lovin', she's just a woman with the butler and the maid and the servants three Livin', lovin', she's just a woman/Aw, get it, now, get it Aw, you got it, man, yeah, ah
Nobody hears a single word you say Livin', lovin', she's just a woman but you'll keep on talkin' 'till your dyin' day Livin', lovin', she's just a woman
Come on, baby, on the roundabout, ride on the merry-go-'round We all know what your name is, so you better lay your money down
A-livin', lovin', she's just a woman Livin', lovin', she's just a woman Livin', livin', lovin', lovin' Livin', lovin', she's just a woman Live-li-li-li-li-li-li, love-lo-lo-lo-lo-lo
You know it hurts so much C'mon and please me You know I need your tender touch
Love me like a hurricane And then you start to ( ? ) You tell me that you'll come on over Then you say you won't Love me like a hurricane And then you start to ( ? ) I'll give it to you straight right now Please
Oh please don't tease me You know it hurts so much C'mon and squeeze me You know I need your tender touch
Tell me that you love me babe Then you say you don't You tell me that you'll come on over Then you say you won't
Walkin' in the park just the other day, Baby, What do you, what do you think I saw? Crowds of people sittin' on the grass with flowers in their hair said, "Hey, Boy, do you wanna score?" And you know how it is; I really don't know what time it was, woh, oh, So I asked them if I could stay awhile.
I didn't notice but it had got very dark and I was really, Really out of my mind. Just then a policeman stepped up to me and asked us said, "Please, hey, would we care to all get in line, Get in line." Well you know, They asked us to stay for tea and have some fun, Oh, oh, he said that his friends would all drop by, ooh.
Why don't you take a good look at yourself and describe what you see, And Baby, Baby, Baby, do you like it? There you sit, sitting spare like a book on a shelf rustin' Ah, not trying to fight it. You really don't care if they're coming, oh, oh, I know that it's all a state of mind, ooh.
If you go down in the streets today, Baby, you better, You better open your eyes. Folk down there really don't care, really don't care, don't care, really don't Which, which way the pressure lies, So I've decided what I'm gonna do now. So I'm packing my bags for the Misty Mountains Where the spirits go now, Over the hills where the spirits fly, ooh. I really don't know.
You gonna be my lover baby You ain't gonna stop I'm gonna give you real good love Gonna drive ( ? )
Well move, move on down the line I'm gonna do right, do right all the time
Well I'm gonna move on down the line I'm gonna get this girl to be mine She'll be cool and she'll be tall ( ? ) we gotta go
Train I ride 16 coaches long Train I ride 16 coaches long Well that big black train Took my baby along
Train, train movin? round the bend Train, train movin? round the bend, round the bend Well he took my baby But he never will again
( chuck berry )
I got on a city bus and found a vacant seat, I thought I saw my future bride walking up the street, I shouted to the driver hey conductor, you must slow down. I think I see her please let me off this bus
Nadine, honey is that you? Oh, nadine. honey, is that you? Seems like every time I see you darling you got something else to do
Downtown searching for her, looking all around. See you coming to me, here we yellow cab, She move around, look, go go. (? )
Oh honey is that you ?
(Jones/Page/Plant)
I received a message from my brother across the water He sat laughin' as he wrote the end's in sight So I said goodbye to all my friends And packed my hopes inside a matchbox 'Cause I know it's time to fly
Come on, meet me in the morning, Meet me in the middle of the night The morning light is comin', don't it make you wanna go and feel alright
I just jumped a train that never stops, So now somehow I'll know I never finished payin' for my ride Just n' someone pushed a gun into my hand Tell me I'm the type of man to fight the fight that I'll require
Come on, meet me in the morning, Meet me in the middle of the night The morning light is comin', don't it make you wanna go and feel alright
Oh, mama, well I think it's time I'm leavin' Nothin' here to make me stay Whoa, mama, well it must be time I'm goin' They're knockin' down them doors They're tryin' to take me away
Please Mr. Brakeman, won't you ring your bell. And ring loud and clear Please Mr. Fireman, won't you ring your bell Tell the people they got to fly away from here
I once saw a picture of a lady with a baby Southern lady, had a very, very special smile We are in the middle of a change in destination When the train stops, all together we will smile Oh, meet me in the morning. Won't you meet me in the middle of the night, night, night Everybody know the mornin' time is comin' Don't it make you wanna feel alright. Ah, ah, yeah Make me feel alright. Fly now, baby Get to fly, yeah. Fly now, baby
Close the door, put out the light. You know they won't be home tonight. The snow falls hard and don't you know? The winds of Thor are blowing cold. They're wearing steel that's bright and true They carry news that must get through. 
They choose the path where no-one goes. 
They hold no quarter. 
Walking side by side with death, The devil mocks their every step The snow drives back the foot that's slow, The dogs of doom are howling more They carry news that must get through, To build a dream for me and you 
They choose the path where no-one goes. 
They hold no quarter. They ask no quarter. The pain, the pain without quarter. They ask no quarter. The dogs of doom are howling more!
As I walk down the highway all I do is sing this song, And a train that's passin' my way helps the rhythm move along. There is no doubt about the words are clear, The voice is strong, is oh so strong. I'm just a simple guy, I live from day to day. A ray of sunshine melts my frown and blows my blues away, There's nothing more that I can say but on a day like today I pass the time away and walk a quiet mile with you.
*All I need from you is all your love, All you got to give to me is all your love, All I need from you is all your love, All you got to give to me is all your love.
Oooh yeah, ooh yeah, ooh yeah, oh yeah. I'm so glad I'm living and gonna tell the world I am, I got me a fine woman and she says that I'm her man, One thing that I know for sure gonna give her all the loving Like nobody, nobody, nobody, nobody can. Standing in the noonday sun trying to flag a ride, People go and people come, see my rider right by my side, It's a total disgrace, they set the pace, it must be a race And the best thing I can do is run.
* Chorus
Hey lady, you got the love I need Maybe more than enough Oh darling, darling, darling Walk a while with me Ohh, you've got so much, so much, so much
Many have I loved, and many times been bitten Many times I've gazed along the open road
Many times I've lied, and many times I've listened Many times I've wondered how much there is to know
Many dreams come true, and some have silver linings I live for my dream, and a pocket full of gold
Mellow is the man who knows what he's been missing Many, many men can't see the open road
Many is a word that only leaves you guessing Guessing 'bout a thing you really ought to know, oh, oh, oh, oh Really ought to know I really ought to know Oh You know I should, you know I should, you know I should, you know I should
I hear ya knock on my door I ain't been saving this scene for ya honey Don't wantcha ringin my bell It's too late for you to be my honey ooh, it's my love ooh, it's my own true love [X2]
Don't want you wasting my time Tired of ya doing the things that you do It's no use standing in line Follow the line, you better follow queue
I say, ooooh, it's my love oooh, it's my own true love [X2]
I could sail a river run dead, but I know it's dead I could I wish for a million, yeah. But I know it's dead I could cry within the darkness, I sail away I save a lifetime forever But you know, you know, you know what I say
And I say Ooh, it's my love Oooh, it's my own true love [repeat]
Here's a tale of Tom Who worked the railroads long His wife would cook his meal As he would change the wheel Poor Tom, Seventh Son, Always knew what's goin on Ain't a thing that you can hide from Tom There ain't nothing that you can hide from Tom
Worked for thirty years Sharing hopes and fears Dreamin' of the day He could turn and say
Poor Tom, work's done, been lazin' out in the noonday sun
Ain't a thing that you can hide from Tom
His wife was Annie Mae With any man a game she'd play When Tom was out of town She couldn't keep her dress down
Poor Tom, Seventh Son, always knew what's goin on
Ain't a thing that you can hide from Tom
And so it was one day People got to Annie Mae (?) Tom stood, a gun in his hand And stopped her runnin' around
Poor Tom, Seventh Son, gotta die for what you've done
All those years of work are thrown away To ease your mind is that all you can say?
But what about that grandson on your knee? Them railroad songs, Tom would sing to me
Ain't nothing that you can hide from Tom
Keep-a Truckin'
Leaves are falling all around, It's time I was on my way. Thanks to you I'm much obliged, For such a pleasant stay.
But now it's time for me to go, The autumn moon lights my way. For now I smell the rain, And with it pain, And it's headed my way. Sometimes I grow so tired, But I know I've got one thing I got to do,
Ramble on, And now's the time the time is now. To sing my song, I'm going around the world, I got to find my girl. On my way, I've been this way ten years to the day. Ramble on, Gotta find the queen of all my dreams.
Got no time to for spreading roots, The time has come to be gone. And though our health we drank a thousand times, It's time to ramble on.
Ramble on, And now's the time the time is now. To sing my song, I'm going around the world, I got to find my girl. On my way, I've been this way ten years to the day. Ramble on, Gotta find the queen of all my dreams.
I ain't telling no lie.
Mine's a tale that can't be told, My freedom I hold dear. How years ago in days of old, When magic filled the air. It was in the darkest depths of Mordor, I met a girl so fair. But Gollum and the evil one crept up, And slipped away with her.
Ain't nothing I can do no, I guess I'll keep on rambling. I'm gonna shake. Gonna ramble on, sing my song. Gonna work my way around the world. I can't stop this feeling in my heart, Gotta keep searching for my baby
It's been a long time since I rock and rolled, It's been a long time since I did the Stroll. Ooh, let me get it back, let me get it back, Let me get it back, baby, where I come from. It's been a long time, been a long time, Been a long lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time. Yes it has.
It's been a long time since the book of love, I can't count the tears of a life with no love. Carry me back, carry me back, Carry me back, baby, where I come from. It's been a long time, been a long time, Been a long lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time.
Seems so long since we walked in the moonlight, Making vows that just can't work right. Open your arms, opens your arms, Open your arms, baby, let my love come running in. It's been a long time, been a long time, Been a long lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time.
(Bonham/Jones/Page/Plant)
One time love, take care how you use it Try to make it last all night, And if you take your pick Be careful how you choose it, Sometimes its hard to feel it bite Feel it bite.
A man I know, went down to Louisiana, had himself a bad, bad fight And when the sun peeked through John Cameron with Suzanna, He kissed the whiskers, left right Whiskers!
Now, now, now, fright subsides Out at a hotel in the quarter, our friends check in to pass the night Now love gets hot, but fire preceded water Poor whiskers set the room alight. Whiskers!
Down on Bourbon street, You know it's right You can see my friend, they run around all through the night Most everywhere, Until the closet's bare Run for the razor, Doin' up my hair
New Orleans queens, Sure know how to schmooze it Maybe for some that seems alright When I step out, strut down with my sugar She'd best not talk like Barry White!
One time love, take care how you use it Try to make it last all night, And if you take your pick Be careful how you choose it, Sometimes its hard to feel it bite Feel it bite.
When you move right up close to me That's when I get shakes all over me
Quivers down my backbone I got the shakes in my kneebone I got the ( ? ) in my ( ? ) bone Shakin? all over
When you move and say goodnight to me That's when I get shakes all over me
From the window of your rented limousine, I saw your pretty blue eyes One day soon you're gonna reach sixteen, Painted lady in the city of lies. 
Oh, do you know my name? Do I look the same You know I'm the one you want. I must be the one you need, yeah 
Clutching pages from your teenage dream In the lobby of the Hotel Paradise Through the circus of the L.A. queens. How fast your learn the downhill side 
Oh, do you know my name? Do I look the same You know I'm the one you want. I must be the one you need,. 
Lips like cherries and the brow of a queen, Come on, flash it in my eyes Said you dug me since you were thirteen,Then you giggle as you heave and sigh. 
Oh, do you know my name? Do I look the same You know I'm the one you want. I must be the one you need. 
Hours, hours, and the moments in between, Oh, baby, I couldn't count the times the fun of comin', oh the pain in leavin', Baby, dry those silver eyes 
Oh, do you know my name? Do I look the same You know I'm the one you want. I must be the one you need, 
Ooh, that's right.
I've been working from seven to eleven every night, It really makes life a drag, I don't think that's right. I've really, really been the best of fools, I did what I could. 'Cause I love you, baby, How I love you, darling, How I love you, baby, How I love you, girl, little girl. But baby, Since I've Been Loving You. I'm about to lose my worried mind, oh, yeah.
Everybody trying to tell me that you didn't mean me no good. I've been trying, Lord, let me tell you, Let me tell you I really did the best I could. I've been working from seven to eleven every night, I said It kinda makes my life a drag. Lord, that ain't right... Since I've Been Loving You, I'm about to lose my worried mind.
Said I've been crying, my tears they fell like rain, Don't you hear, Don't you hear them falling, Don't you hear, Don't you hear them falling.
Do you remember mama, when I knocked upon your door? I said you had the nerve to tell me you didn't want me no more, yeah I open my front door, hear my back door slam, You must have one of them new fangled back door man.
I've been working from seven, seven, seven, to eleven every night, It kinda makes my life a drag... Baby, Since I've Been Loving You, I'm about to lose, I'm about lose to my worried mind.
(Jones/Plant)
Baby, when you walk that sweet walk Oh, you walk it good, yes you walk it good Baby, when you talk that sweet talk Oh, it sounds so good, oh so good
With a little bit of concentration And a little bit of helpin' hands, yeah And a little bit of raving madness You know it makes me feel, baby Both my feet are back on the ground
And when the rhythm takes me It feels so good, oh so good Baby if it keeps a-shaking It will do you good, oh so much good
With a little bit of stop-a-shakin' shakin' And a little bit of ?fly right down? And a little bit of sweet con-carne It makes me feel, makes me feel I got my feet on the ground
Ooh now baby, when you move it makes me Really feel so good, oh so good And I'm so glad, so glad, so glad, so glad And I'm good, oh, so good With a little bit of concentration And a little bit of helping hand And a little bit of ?saving madness? You know it makes me feel, baby I'm back on the ground oh yes, sure does It makes me feel back on the ground.
I'm feelin' good child! Down on the ground. Sha la la la...
There's a lady who's sure all that glitters is gold And she's buying a stairway to heaven. When she gets there she knows, if the stores are all closed With a word she can get what she came for. Ooh, ooh, and she's buying a stairway to heaven.
There's a sign on the wall but she wants to be sure 'Cause you know sometimes words have two meanings. In a tree by the brook, there's a songbird who sings, Sometimes all of our thoughts are misgiven. Ooh, it makes me wonder, Ooh, it makes me wonder.
There's a feeling I get when I look to the west, And my spirit is crying for leaving. In my thoughts I have seen rings of smoke through the trees, And the voices of those who stand looking. Ooh, it makes me wonder, Ooh, it really makes me wonder.
And it's whispered that soon if we all call the tune Then the piper will lead us to reason. And a new day will dawn for those who stand long And the forests will echo with laughter.
If there's a bustle in your hedgerow, don't be alarmed now, It's just a spring clean for the May queen. Yes, there are two paths you can go by, but in the long run There's still time to change the road you're on. And it makes me wonder.
Your head is humming and it won't go, in case you don't know, The piper's calling you to join him, Dear lady, can you hear the wind blow, and did you know Your stairway lies on the whispering wind.
And as we wind on down the road Our shadows taller than our soul. There walks a lady we all know Who shines white light and wants to show How everything still turns to gold. And if you listen very hard The tune will come to you at last. When all are one and one is all To be a rock and not to roll.
And she's buying a stairway to heaven.
Sugar mama, sugar mama, sugar mama, Where you been? Sugar mama, sugar mama, sugar mama, Where you been? Sugar mama!
Say you love me sugar mama I'll never let you go
Sugar mama, sugar mama, sugar mama, Love you babe Sugar mama, sugar mama, sugar mama, Drive me insane Sugar mama gonna love you all I can
Say you love me sugar mama I'll never let you go
Say you love me sugar mama I'll never let you go
Say you love me sugar mama I'll never let you go
I've got a baby y'know She treats me fine I've got a little woman wanna give me but her A-give it all the time (? )
(? ) baby She's nice and kind to me A-give me breakfast in the mornin? ya know she Also makes my tea
Let's go!
She got a little diamond Shine like gold Got a mortgage on my body Got a lien on my soul
When my baby walks ya know Her front teeth they shine like gold, they do Well-a ya know she shine like diamond But she got a mortgage on my soul, hah!
Get up, get up, get up
Hah! alright, yeah, ah
My baby when she walks ya know Shakes just like a willow tree Yes, my baby when she walks ya know Shakes just like a willow tree She so mean and evil She makes a monkey outta me
Whoah alright
Measuring in a summer's day, I can only find it slips away to grey, The hours, they bring me pain.
*Tangerine, Tangerine, Living REFLECTIONS from a dream; I was her love, she was my queen, And now a thousand years between.
Thinking how it used to be, Does she still remember times like these? To think of us again? And I do.
* Chorus
(Jones/Plant)
Baby, when you walk that sweet walk Oh, you walk it good, yes you walk it good Baby, when you talk that sweet talk Oh, it sounds so good, oh so good
With a little bit of concentration And a little bit of helpin' hands, yeah And a little bit of raving madness You know it makes me feel, baby Both my feet are back on the ground
And when the rhythm takes me It feels so good, oh so good Baby if it keeps a-shaking It will do you good, oh so much good
With a little bit of stop-a-shakin' shakin' And a little bit of ?fly right down? And a little bit of sweet con-carne It makes me feel, makes me feel I got my feet on the ground
Ooh now baby, when you move it makes me Really feel so good, oh so good And I'm so glad, so glad, so glad, so glad And I'm good, oh, so good With a little bit of concentration And a little bit of helping hand And a little bit of ?saving madness? You know it makes me feel, baby I'm back on the ground oh yes, sure does It makes me feel back on the ground.
I'm feelin' good child! Down on the ground. Sha la la la...
Then as it was, then again it will be Though the course may change some times River's always reached the sea
Flyin' the skies of Fortune Each our separate ways On the wings of maybe Downing birds of prey
Kind of makes me feel sometimes Didn't have to grow But as the eagle leaves the nest Got so far to go
Changes fill my time, baby, that's alright with me In the midst I think of you, and how it used to be
See your eyes now sparkle, Senses growing keen Tasted love along the way, See your feathers preen Kind of makes makes me feel sometimes, Didn't have to grow We are eagles of one nest, The nest is in our soul
Vixen in my dreams, a great surprise to me Never thought I'd see your face the way it used to be Oh darlin', oh darlin'
I'm never gonna leave you. I never gonna leave Holdin' on, ten years gone Ten years gone, holdin' on, ten years gone Did you ever really need somebody, And really need 'em bad Did you ever really want somebody, The best love you ever had Do you ever remember me, baby, did it feel so good 'Cause it was good the first time, And you knew you would
If the sun refused to shine, I would still be loving you. When mountains crumble to the sea, there will still be you and me. 
Kind woman, I give you my all, Kind woman, nothing more. 
Little drops of rain whisper of the pain, tears of loves lost in the days gone by. My love is strong, with you there is no wrong, together we shall go until we die. My, my, my. An inspiration is what you are to me, inspiration, look... see. 
And so today, my world it smiles, your hand in mine, we walk the miles, Thanks to you it will be done, for you to me are the only one. Happiness, no more be sad, happiness....I'm glad. If the sun refused to shine, I would still be loving you. When mountains crumble to the sea, there will still be you and me
I don't know how I'm gonna tell you, I can't play with you no more, I don't know how I'm gonna do what mama told me, My friend, the boy next door. I can't believe what people saying, You're gonna let your hair hang down, I'm satisfied to sit here working all day long, You're in the darker side of town.
And when I'm out I see you walking, Why don't your eyes see me, Could it be you've found another game to play, What did mama say to me.
*That's The Way, Oh, That's The Way it ought to be, Yeah, yeah, mama say That's The Way it ought to stay.
And yesterday I saw you standing by the river, And weren't those tears that filled your eyes, And all the fish that lay in dirty water dying, Had they got you hypnotized?
And yesterday I saw you kissing tiny flowers, But all that lives is born to die. And so I say to you that nothing really matters, And all you do is stand and cry.
I don't know what to say about it, When all you ears have turned away, But now's the time to look and look again at what you see, Is that the way it ought to stay?
That's the way... That's the way it oughtta be Oh don't you know now, Mama said.. that's the way it's gonna stay, yeah.
Queen of Light took her bow, And then she turned to go, The Prince of Peace embraced the gloom, And walked the night alone. Oh, dance in the dark of night, Sing to the morning light. The dark Lord rides in force tonight, And time will tell us all.
Oh, throw down your plow and hoe, Rest not to lock your homes.
Side by side we wait the might of the darkest of them all.
I hear the horses' thunder down in the valley below, I'm waiting for the angels of Avalon, waiting for the eastern glow.
The apples of the valley hold, The seeds of happiness, The ground is rich from tender care, Repay, do not forget, no, no. Dance in the dark of night, sing to the morning light.
The apples turn to brown and black, The tyrant's face is red.
Oh the war is common cry, Pick up you swords and fly. The sky is filled with good and bad that mortals never know.
Oh, well, the night is long the beads of time pass slow, Tired eyes on the sunrise, waiting for the eastern glow.
The pain of war cannot exceed the woe of aftermath, The drums will shake the castle wall, the ring wraiths ride in black, Ride on.
Sing as you raise your bow, shoot straighter than before. No comfort has the fire at night that lights the face so cold.
Oh dance in the dark of night, Sing to the morning light. The magic runes are writ in gold to bring the balance back. Bring it back.
At last the sun is shining, The clouds of blue roll by, With flames from the dragon of darkness, the sunlight blinds his eyes.
I wanna tell you bout my good thing I ain't disclosing no names but-- He sure is a good friend and! I ain't gonna tell you where he comes from, no! If I tell you you wont come again! Hey! I ain't gonna tell you nothin but I do will, but I know, yeah! I should do but I know now let me tell you bout my girl: Open up a newspaper and what do I see? Ahh, ah See my girl, ah, looking at me Ooh, And when she walks, Ooh, lemme tell ya: She walks and when she talks, she talks and When she looks at me in the eye She's my baby lord I wanna make her mine Tell me baby what you want me to do! You want me to love you, love some other man too? Ain't gonna call me Mr. pitiful, no! I don't need no respect from nobody...
I ain't gonna tell you nothing I ain't gonna no more, no! She's my baby let me tell you that I love her so and And! She's the woman I really wanna love And let me tell you more, oooh! She's my baby she lives next door She's the one a woman the one a woman that I know. I ain't gonna... tell you one thing that you really ought to know ooh! She's my lover baby and I love her so and She's the one that really makes me whirl and twirl! And she's the kind of lover that makes me me fill the whole world and She's the one who really makes me jump and shout, ooh! She's the kind of girl--I know what it's all about! Take it take it
Excuse me Oh will you excuse me I'm just trying to find the bridge... Has anybody seen the bridge?
(Have you seen the bridge?) I ain't seen the bridge!
(Where's that confounded bridge?) 
Whoah, the girl I love, she got long black wavy hair I do declare! The girl I love, yeah, she got long black wavy hair, Ah yeah, Her Mother and her Father, Lordy, They sure don't, sure don't allow me there.
Well I, I'm goin' back to my baby, Lord I, I swear I wouldn't lie, yeah I never saw that sweet woman yeah in-a A-five long years gone by, yeah. Well I'm goin' ho__me, I'm goin' home 'Cause she's a sweet little darlin', ah I said I been away, ahh-far too long, I been away too long.
Take it Jimmy!
Well, my baby when... She shakes just like a willow tree, Yes she does. My baby, when she walks, ya know She shakes like a willow tree, yeah. Ah-that mean, mistreatin' baby she know she Hop, hops all over me. Oooh.
Yeah! Alright! Hops over me...
I've been to London, seen seven wonders. I know to trip is just to fall I used to rock it, sometimes I'd roll it. I always knew what it was for. There can be no denyin' that the wind 'll shake 'em down And the flat world's flyin'. There's a new plague on the land
If we could just join hands [X3]
Traversed the planet when heaven sent me. I saw the kings who rule them all Still by the firelight and purple moonlight. I hear the rested rivers call And the wind is crying, from a love that won't grow cold My lover, she is lying, on the dark side of the globe
If we could just join hands [X3]
You got me rockin' when I ought to be a-rollin' Darlin', tell me, darlin', which way to go You keep me rockin', baby, then you keep me Sullen Won't you tell me, darlin', which way to go... that's right
Oh how I wonder, oh how I worry and I would dearly like to know I've all this wonder of earthly plunder will it leave us anything to show
And our time is flyin' see the candle burnin' low Is the new world rising, from the shambles of the old
If we could just join hands.
I had a dream. Crazy dream. Anything I wanted to know, any place I needed to go Hear my song. People won't you listen now? Sing along. You don't know what you're missing now. Any little song that you know Everything that's small has to grow. And it has to grow!
California sunlight, sweet Calcutta rain Honolulu starbright - the song remains the same.
Sing out Hare Hare, dance the Hoochie Koo. City lights are oh so bright, as we go sliding... sliding... sliding through.
(Page/Plant)
Silent woman in the night, you came, Took my seed from my shaking frame. Same old fire, another flame, And the wheel rolls on.
Silent woman through the flames, you come, From the deep behind the sun Seems my nightmares, have just begun Left me barely holding on.
With blazing eyes you see my trembling hand. When we know the time has come Lose my senses, lose command Feel your healing rivers run
Is it every time I fall, That I think this is the one In the darkness can you hear me call Another day has just begun.
Silent woman, my face is changed Some know in ways to come. Feel my fire needs a brand new flame And the wheels rolls on.... rolls on.
Think it over in your pretty little head Think it over what you just said Are you sure I'm not the one? ( ? )
Well think it over Yes think it over Oh my heart grows cold and old
Think it over and let me know Think it over darlin? don't be slow Are you sure I'm not the one? ( ? ) now let me know
Well think it over Ahh think it over Oh my heart grows cold and older
Hey! think it over, over and over Think it over, over and over
(Jones/Page/Plant)
Greasy slicked down body, groovy leather trim
I like the way you hold the road, mama, it ain't no sin
Talkin' 'bout love (X3)
Trouble-free transmission, helps your oil's flow
Mama, let me pump your gas, mama, let me do it all
Talkin' 'bout love (X3)
Dig that heavy metal underneath your hood
Baby, I could work all night, believe I've got the perfect tools
Talkin' 'bout love (X3)
A model built for comfort, really built with style
Specialist tradition, mama, let me feast my eyes
Talkin' 'bout love (X3)
Factory air-conditioned, heat begins to rise
Guaranteed to run for hours, mama it's a perfect size
Talkin' 'bout love (X3)
Groovin' on the freeway, gauge is on the red
Gun down on my gasoline, I believe I'm gonna crack a head.
Talkin' 'bout love (X3)
I can't stop talkin' about...
Come to me for service every hundred miles
Baby, let me check your points, fix your overdrive
Talkin' 'bout love (X3)
Fully automatic, comes in any size
Makes me wonder what I did, before we synchronized
Talkin' 'bout love (X3)
Feather-light suspension, Konis couldn't hold
I'm so glad I took a look inside your showroom doors
Talkin' 'bout love (X3)
Oh, I can't stop talkin' about love.

(Johnson/Page/Plant)
Asked sweet mama, Let me be her kid She said, You might get hurt if you don't keep it hid
Well I know my baby, If I see her in the dark I said I know my rider, If I see her in the dark
Now, I goin' to Rosedale, Take my rider by my side Still barrelhouse, If it's on the riverside, yeah I know my baby, Lord, I said, is really sloppy drunk I know my mama, Lord, a brownskin, but she ain't no plum
See my baby, tell her, Tell her hurry home Had no lovin', since my baby been gone See my baby, Tell hurry on home I ain't had, Lord, my right mind, Since my rider's been gone
Hey, she promises, She's my rider I wanna tell you, She's my rider I know you're mine, She's my rider She ain't but sixteen, But she's my rider
I'm goin' to Rosedale, Take my rider by side Anybody argue with me man, I'll keep them satisfied Well, see my baby, tell her, Tell her the shape I'm in Ain't had no lovin', Lord, since you know when
Spoken: Why don't you come into my kitchen
She's a kindhearted lady. She studies evil all the time She's a kindhearted woman. She studies evil all the time
Squeeze my lemon 'til the juice runs down my leg Squeeze it so hard, I'll fall right out of bed Squeeze my lemon, 'til the juice runs down my leg
Spoken: I wonder if you know what I'm talkin' about
Oh, but the way that you squeeze it girl I swear I'm gonna fall right out of bed
She's a good rider She's my kindhearted lady I'm gonna take my rider by my side I said her front teeth are lined with gold She's gotta mortgage on my body, got a lien on my soul She's my brownskin sugar plum...
(Page/Plant)
Ooh...know I feel so strange looking out the door oooh...tryin hard to change but can't let go oooh...cryin' tears of pain and more and more oooh...everyday is the same as the one before
I'm walkin the floor over you I'm walkin the floor
Every heart that breaks is a heart that's cold To the hand that takes your dreamless soul
Ooh...Is it long to wait, is it much to pay? oooh...Sometimes it's hard waiting for the day.
you know it's hard. I said it's hard You know it's true. I said it's hard you know it's hard. You know it's true
Every tear that falls is a smile that's lost When you hear the call can you count the cost? As you stand alone do you wonder how? Can you step aside, does it matter now?
Every love that's changed ?-?-?-?-?-? In the eye of the night ?-?-?- In the day everything ?-?-?-? She was smilin' a tear at her waters fall ??
you know it's true. You know it's true now
I'm walkin the floor over you I'm walkin' the floor Every tear that falls is a smile that's lost When you hear the call can you count the cost? As you stand alone do you wonder how? Can you step aside, does it matter now?
Does it matter now? (repeat)
Hear my baby comin' down the track Betcha my baby's comin' back Someday she'll get back to me We're gonna raise a family We're gonna groove, Yeah groove Yeah we're gonna groove
We're gonna love... until the break of day
Sweet as sweet as sweet can be You don't know whatcha do to me Let me say you're my one desire You just set my soul on fire
Oh we're gonna groove,Yeah groove Yeah we're gonna groove We gonna love... until the break of day
Sweet as sweet as sweet can be Lemme tell ya you don't know whatcha do to me You just set my soul on fire Woman you know you're my one desire...
We gonna groove... [repeat]
It starts out like a murmur Then it grows like thunder Until it bursts inside of you Try to hold it steady Wait until you're ready Any second now will do Throw the door wide open Not a word is spoken Anything that you want to do
Ya know, ya know, ya know...
Don't you feel the same way? Don't you feel the same way? But you don't know what to do No time for hesitatin' Ain't no time for hesitatin' All you got to do is move They say you're feeling blue, well I just found a cure It's a thing you gotta do, yeah
Ya know, ya know, ya know...
Now listen: You say your body's aching? I know that it's aching Chill bumps come up on you Yeah, the funny fool I love the funny fool ?Just like foolin' after school? And then you ask for medication Who cares for medication When you've worn away the cure
Ya know, ya know, ya know... Go back to the country Yeah, go back to the country Feel a change is good for you When you keep convincin' Ah, don't keep convincin' What's that creeping up behind a you? It's just an old friend It's just an old friend And what's that he's got for you?
Ya know, ya know, ya know...
Do your dance do your dance do your dance Oooooh, medication. Medication! Medication!
And if I say to you tomorrow. Take my hand, child, come with me.
It's to a castle I will take you, where what's to be, they say will be.
*Catch the wind, see us spin, sail away, leave today, way up high in the sky.
But the wind won't blow, you really shouldn't go, it only goes to show
That you will be mine, by takin' our time.
And if you say to me tomorrow, oh what fun it all would be.
Then what's to stop us, pretty baby. But What Is And What Should Never Be.
* Chorus
So if you wake up with the sunrise, and all your dreams are still as new,
And happiness is what you need so bad, girl, the answer lies with you.
* Chorus
Oh the wind wont blow and we really shouldn't go and it only goes to show.

If it keeps on rainin', levee's goin' to break, [X2] When The Levee Breaks I'll have no place to stay. Mean old levee taught me to weep and moan, [X2] Got what it takes to make a mountain man leave his home, Oh, well, oh, well, oh, well.
Don't it make you feel bad When you're tryin' to find your way home, You don't know which way to go? If you're goin' down South They go no work to do, If you don't know about Chicago.
Cryin' won't help you, prayin' won't do you no good, Now, cryin' won't help you, prayin' won't do you no good, When the levee breaks, mama, you got to move.
All last night sat on the levee and moaned, [X2] Thinkin' about my baby and my happy home. Going, going to Chicago... Going to Chicago... Sorry but I can't take you... Going down... going down now... going down...
You need coolin', baby, I'm not foolin', I'm gonna send you back to schoolin', Way down inside honey, you need it, I'm gonna give you my love, X2
*Wanna Whole Lotta Love? X4
You've been learnin', baby, I been burnin', All them good times, baby, baby, I've been yearnin', Way, way down inside honey, you need it, I'm gonna give you my love X2
* Chorus
You've been coolin', baby, I've been droolin', All the good times I've been misusin', Way, way down inside, I'm gonna give you my love, I'm gonna give you every inch of my love, Gonna give you my love. Yeah! All right! Let's go!
* Chorus
Way down inside, woman, You need love. Shake for me, girl, I wanna be your backdoor man. Hey, oh, hey, oh, Oh, oh, oh, Keep a-coolin', baby, Keep a-coolin', baby.
Lyin', cheatin', hurtin, that's all you seem to do. Messin' around with every guy in town, Puttin' me down for thinkin' of someone new. Always the same, playin' your game, Drive me insane, trouble is gonna come to you, One of these days and it won't be long, You'll look for me but baby, I'll be gone. This is all I gotta say to you woman:
[Chorus] Your Time Is Gonna Come [X4]
Made up my mind to break you this time, Won't be so fine, it's my turn to cry. Do want you want, I won't take the brunt. It's fadin' away, can't feel you anymore. Don't care what you say 'cause I'm goin' away to stay, Gonna make you pay for that great big hole in my heart. People talkin' all around, Watch out woman, no longer Is the joke gonna be on my heart. You been bad to me woman, But it's coming back home to you.
[Chorus]